after months of testing and previews
windows 10 his family arrives hey what's
river one city and technology news here
and today I'm giving you my detailed
review of Microsoft all new operating
system as well as my opinions on whether
or not you should appraised so in many
ways Windows 10 is the realization
Microsoft stream to have one OS and all
their devices pcs phones tablets and
even the Xbox one console but don't
worry everything in Windows 10 is much
more intuitive and elegant the windows 8
was when it launched for one thing
Microsoft has actually brought back the
start menu you're familiar with this
time it combines the original layout
from windows 7 in earlier with the best
aspects of the windows 8 and windows 8.1
Metro interface the live tiles are still
here but this time you don't have to go
to an entirely separate full screen
window when you click the start button
there's also a traditional menu of apps
the power options in the location you'd
expect and quick access to your PC
settings and file explorer you can also
customize the Start menu a lot more than
you could in Windows 7 Microsoft allows
you to resize the start menu freely as
well as change the color and
highlighting if the menu as much as you
want and whenever you do change
something the highlights change across
all of windows so your taskbar and menus
will all share a common theme another
new feature in Windows 10 is the Action
Center which replaces the old charms
menu from Windows 8 if you click the
Action Center in the bottom right-hand
corner of your screen it brings up a
side window lets you show recent alerts
from different apps and gives you quick
access to a number of different settings
if you're interested in seeing all the
apps and programs you have open it once
Microsoft has also added a new task View
feature which is very similar to Mission
Control on a Mac with this feature you
can quickly navigate to any particular
program you're interested in without
having to manually switch from one
program to another task fee also allows
you to create new virtual desktops
without installing a third party program
which can keep your windows experience a
lot more nice and organized than before
another big addition in Windows 10 is
Cortana Microsoft's virtual assistant
Cortana is designed to bring it relevant
information you're interested in as well
as allow you to search your computer
more efficiently just like on Windows
Phone you can still use your voice to
search microsoft has even added a hey
Cortana feature or you can just type
what you're looking for if you're an
Android user you can think of Cortana is
windows equivalent to Google now which
brings up relevant information about
your day and allows you to search more
quickly windows then also brings with it
a new browser called Microsoft edge this
is the successor to Internet Explorer
and it's much more fast and streamlines
than before it also adds some new
features the ability to draw and make
notes in different web pages full
integration with Cortana and instant
searches relevant information like the
weather the Windows Store is also gotten
in upgrading windows 10 it's now a
one-stop location for everything from
apps to TV to music a lot like both
Google Play and iTunes there's a much
more limited selection of apps that is
available on other operating systems
still but the windows App Store is
growing all the time and there are a
number of fun apps and games you can try
out now speaking of apps and games for
mobile microsoft hasn't forgotten about
touchscreen devices with Windows 10 if
you go into the Action Center you can
turn on your new tablet mode which
provides a much more streamlined
interface and allows you to toggle the
full screen Metro UI of Windows 8 it's
great for Windows two-in-one since you
can switch back and forth very easily to
convert your device from a laptop with
mouse and keyboard to a tablet with a
touchscreen interface so overall Windows
10 is a great comprehensive upgrade and
improves on both windows 8 and the
traditional Windows Experience if you're
already running Windows 8 or Windows 7
on your computer I would definitely
recommend to the upgrade since microsoft
is offering windows 10 free for one year
there are still a couple glitches with
the operating system but I'm sure
Microsoft will be fixing them over time
to create an experience that people
actually enjoy using and since my crops
will no longer be releasing major
versions of Windows every couple years
this is definitely a good thing I
honestly think the Windows 10 is going
to be the version of windows that will
break Microsoft out of the cycle of a
good version of Windows followed by a
bad version of windows because this is
actually a really great appraise they
give me your opinions on Windows sand in
the comments below be sure to share this
video if you enjoyed it and I will see
you next time